[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
JUST IN TIME
[Jeremy]
Interface transferred... activated.
Virtual memory... activated.
Code management... configured.
Scanners... activated and verified.
[computer beeping]
[Jeremy] Targeting... okay.
This time it's going to work!
Ready, Aelita?
Ready.
[Jeremy] Here we go!
[computer beeping and scanning]
[scanning]
It's working!
[mechanical clanking]
[whooshing]
[theme music]
[grunts]
[Ulrich grunts]
Ready?
[grunts]
Go on, Kiwi! Go on, fetch!
Anyone seen Jeremy this morning?
I think he spent the night
in the laboratory.
He was working on something
really important.
[groans]
[everyone] Aelita!
-[crack]
-[grunts]
Hey, I thought it was time out.
[groans] Guess I forgot.
Hey guys, guess what I did last night!
Let's see now, it's got
something to do with materializing Aelita?
That's right.
Say, how did you guess, Odd?
Well guys, I finally did it.
I decided to tackle the problem
in a different way.
-[Jeremy] You wouldn't believe it, but...
-Well, tell us. Did you do it or not?
I sure did.
[dramatic music]
[both] What?
[groans]
You materialized a test tube?
No, airhead. Look inside, will you?
[everyone groans]
A hair? You mean you
materialized one hair?
Yeah, that's right, Odd. To be exact...
it's a hair of Aelita's!
-[Yumi and Odd gasp]
-What, a real hair?
But how did you manage that?
[Jeremy] Well, I chose a hair because
it's a simple anatomical structure,
but which contains Aelita's
complete genetic computer code,
according to a well-known fractal,
whose recurrences
are comparable to
the genetic code of a human,
which enabled me to make
a physiological number transfer
onto one part of the program,
already pre-targeted and defragmented...
[Jeremy] And that's that.
[Jeremy] Simple enough, right?
-[Jeremy] Do you follow?
-No!
No, it's not simple enough,
or no, you don't follow?
[groans]
"No" means that we take your word for it.
[both nod]
[titters]
No problem. It'll become clear
when Aelita's here in flesh and blood.
Better get ready, Aelita.
Okay, Jeremy.
[groans] You're going to materialize
her now?
What do you think?
I'm not going to wait until next year.
The hair was just a test before
we do the whole thing.
Listen, making a hair appear is one thing.
Materializing Aelita is not the same.
Look. You want to spend
your whole life fighting XANA?
[Jeremy] Once Aelita's been materialized,
we can unplug XANA
once and for all, and lead normal lives.
[Jeremy] So, I say it's worth trying.
-[click]
-[beeping]
[alarm beeping]
How can that be?
I had planned everything so perfectly.
[Ulrich] You're almost there, Jeremy.
In a few days, you'll be all set.
You'll see.
Hey, guys, if we don't materialize
in a couple of minutes in the classroom,
we're not going to last a few days.
[theme music]
[bell ringing]
[unintelligible chatter]
You know,
I'd have sworn that it'd work this time.
But, if the computer gene code of the hair
gives you enough information
to find the parameters
for materialization,
then, what's the problem?
I wish I knew. I'm doing something wrong.
-The only way to find out is start over.
-[Odd] No, don't do that!
You're only a "hair's breadth" away!
[titters]
[Yumi] Can't you ever be serious, Odd?
By the way, Odd, speaking of hair,
your dog sheds an awful lot of them.
Most of them end up on my bed, too.
What's the big deal about
two or three hairs?
Two or three? With all the hairs he sheds,
I could knit you another Kiwi!
[Sissi] Hello. Did you say "dog"?
I really adore dogs. Hey, can I sit down?
No.
You know, I'm so crazy about dogs
that I'm ready to keep my mouth shut
about the one Odd's hiding in his room.
That is if you promise to be nicer to me,
of course.
Listen Sissi, I'm warning you!
If you say anything about Kiwi, I'll...
-[students gasp]
-[Yumi groans]
[groans]
[Jeremy] You okay, Yumi?
There we are.
-[Yumi groans]
-[Dorothy] It's nothing serious.
The cut isn't very deep.
Here, put this on it please.
It's incredible.
I barely squeezed the glass.
-They're pretty fragile, I guess.
-Fragile, huh?
We're not talking about Venetian crystal.
Lunchroom plastic's more like it.
Anyway, I know what I'm in for
if I get on your nerves.
-[both titter]
-[romantic music]
-[groans]
-[gasps]
[Yumi clears throat]
[Ulrich's phone rings]
What?
[groans]
On our way.
[Jeremy] I don't believe it!
It's a disaster!
-[Ulrich] What is?
-[Jeremy] I was trying to figure out
why the materialization didn't work,
and I realized
Aelita's program is full of bugs.
[both gasp]
When I materialized the hair,
I hit a button I shouldn't have,
and so I damaged the annex programs.
Annex? That doesn't sound so bad.
That's what you think.
The part of the program linking Aelita
to the towers is screwed up.
If Aelita enters the Lyoko code,
she'll be completely reformatted.
Meaning?
She'll disappear forever!
[Aelita] You know, Jeremy,
a program can be debugged.
We can do it together.
What if XANA attacks before we're done?
That means you got to work fast, Jeremy.
Okay,
make up a story to tell to the teachers.
I'm not leaving this computer
until I've solved the problem.
[Odd] You think they can do it?
[Ulrich] What do you think?
-We've got two geniuses at work.
-[Kiwi barking]
Hey Odd, if you don't get Kiwi
to calm down, they're going to find him.
[Kiwi barking]
-[Kiwi yelping]
-Hey, quiet, Kiwi!
You heard me, quiet down!
[barking frantically]
-[window pane cracks]
-[Odd] What's the matter?
-[Kiwi barking]
-[Odd] Did you smell something?
-[Odd] What's wrong?
-[cracking]
[grunts]
-[Ulrich] Kiwi!
-[Odd grunts]
[Odd] Did you do that?
[theme music]
Well, maybe it was a ball that did it.
[Jim] And you, of course,
didn't see anything?
I couldn't have seen anything, Jim,
because I wasn't here.
Maybe so, but since all the rooms
are off limits during the day,
how come you knew about the window?
Ulrich, clean up your bed.
There's hair all over it.
[Milly] I don't know...
What happened?
Everything's cool.
Jim didn't spot Kiwi, but it was close.
Kiwi will have to stay
with Jeremy for a while.
What if you scanned
the STR connection blocks?
I already did.
That's not where I went wrong.
Stop chewing my slipper!
[Jeremy] Oh, sorry Aelita.
I was talking to the dog.
When he's around,
it's hard to concentrate.
[Kiwi panting and barking]
-[gasps]
-[Aelita] What is it?
[Jeremy groans] Nothing.
[Jeremy] Give that back to me!
Give it back!
[groans] That dog! He took my...
handkerchief.
-[barking]
-[Jeremy groans] Take him away, please!
-[Kiwi howling]
-[footsteps]
[groans] That mutt!
[cracking]
[grunts]
[crashing]
[theme music]
[Sissi] I was just passing by and...
I always said Sissi's head
was full of plaster.
[Jeremy] I'm heading for the lab.
With the dog barking
and the school falling apart,
I can't work in my room.
See you.
I hope he finds the right solution
before XANA attacks again.
I'll see you guys tomorrow.
[Odd] Hello, anybody home?
[groans] All these things happening
are really weird.
First Yumi's glass breaks,
then the window gets shattered, and now,
the ceiling. You think it's XANA?
-Maybe it's just coincidence.
-Maybe.
-[beeping]
-[clicking]
I'm back, Aelita.
[swooshing]
Oh no, I don't believe it! Not now!
Okay, we can get back to work... Aelita?
Are you there?
It's XANA! He's launched an attack!
[groaning and stammering] Are you... sure?
-[groans]
-[typing]
-[beeping]
-Oh no, it can't be! Not now!
[Mr. Delmas] I've never seen
such a thing in my entire career.
[Jim] Do you think humidity
could have caused it, sir?
[Mr. Delmas] I don't know.
It doesn't look very damp.
The dog!
I've been after him for a long time!
[zooming]
[groans]
-[cracking]
-What the...?
[groans]
Jim! We have to evacuate the building!
-[Ulrich] It's XANA for sure.
-[Odd] Yeah, it's him. How does he do it?
Your guess is as good as mine,
but you heard Sissi.
Kiwi began barking
just before the ceiling fell.
That might be a lead.
With the window, it was the same.
[Ulrich]
Maybe Kiwi can feel the attacks coming.
[Odd] Or, maybe he can hear them
like a kind of ultra sound.
[Ulrich's phone rings]
-[Ulrich] Jeremy?
-[Jeremy] XANA alert.
-That's what we thought. Be right there.
-[Jeremy] Warn Yumi!
It's real this time. XANA has woken up!
[Mr. Delmas through school intercom]
Your attention please.
Due to a danger of a structural accident,
please evacuate the building calmly,
and leave the immediate area.
No one will be permitted to enter
the building until further notice.
Kiwi! He's in Jeremy's room.
-I'll go and get him.
-See you at the lab.
[phone rings]
[Yumi] Hello. Hi Ulrich. What?
[Yumi] I'm not really ready yet.
Okay, I'll hurry.
-[footsteps]
-[panting]
Kiwi! Where are you? Come on!
[muffled voices]
[Milly groans] Didn't anyone ever teach
you to knock?
Didn't you hear the principal?
You've got to get out.
-[Odd] The whole building may collapse.
-[Milly] Come on, cut it out!
[Odd] No, I swear. I'm not joking.
[Kiwi barking]
[Milly] What's wrong with your dog?
-[crashing and banging]
-[everyone screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
About face.
[everyone gasps]
[theme music]
[mechanical clanking]
Ulrich, how are things going over there?
There are cracks in the school building.
It may cave in.
XANA's using
some kind of ultra sound system.
Ultra sound? That's possible.
[Jeremy] He could be using
the electrical sockets.
Listen, he might attack the factory.
Odd's on his way, and I've warned Yumi.
Let's hope XANA gives me
enough time to repair my program.
-[Ulrich's phone rings]
-Yes, Odd?
-Huh?
-[Odd] I'm stuck, right...
with Milly and Tamiya, if you must know.
The firefighters will be here any minute.
So I can't meet you right now.
No, don't wait. Go to Lyoko.
[Kiwi barking]
-[plaster cracking]
-[girls scream]
[crashing]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[Odd] No!
Odd!
[Ulrich] No time to lose, Jeremy.
But I'm not finished fixing the program.
Odd is in danger. Transfer me right now!
-[panting]
-[dogs howling]
[barking]
-[cracking]
-[Yumi] What's going on?
[groans]
-[crackling]
-[barking]
[cracking and rumbling]
[sirens wailing]
[swooshing]
[Jeremy] Transfer, Ulrich.
Scanner, Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[swoosh]
[grunts]
[action music]
[groans]
Ulrich!
Aelita!
[shushes] They're here.
[Jeremy] There's nothing
on my holomap for now.
Things seem pretty calm.
[Aelita] That's not what
the pulsations say.
If we follow them,
they're bound to lead us
to the tower XANA's activated.
Hm
[theme music]
-[siren wailing]
-[grunts]
-[unintelligible chatter]
-[tense music]
[Yumi] What happened here?
[Sissi sobs]
Odd. He's stuck inside...
with Milly and Tamiya.
[sinister music and cracking]
[groans] Why aren't they here yet?
[screaming]
Look, we can't stay here!
We've got to cross over to the other side.
Are you out of your mind, Odd?
It's at least a ten-metre drop.
Trust me, okay? I can't tell you how yet,
but we're going to make it.
[Odd] In the meantime,
we've got to get across
where we'll be safe.
[swoosh]
-No!
-[Odd grunts]
No problem! Your turn now!
[sobbing]
[panting]
[Ulrich]
We're coming to the parallel paths.
-[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
Jeremy, how many life points do I have?
Hold on... 70, no, 60.
Make up your mind, Jeremy.
I've got to know. Take cover Aelita!
[Jeremy] I can't do
a million things at once.
Dodge the lasers,
and you won't have to keep count.
[lasers blasting]
[panting]
[grunts]
[cracking]
[crashing]
[Jeremy] Yumi! Immediate departure!
Ulrich and Aelita need your help.
[mechanical clanking]
Okay, here we go.
[Jeremy] Transfer, Yumi.
Scanner, Yumi.
[swoosh]
[beeping]
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[swoosh]
[Ulrich] The pulsations are separating
in two directions now.
[Jeremy] Then head east!
The monsters you managed to dodge before
aren't very far away.
Okay Jeremy,
we'll try to find another path.
[Ulrich] Too late.
[laser blasting]
[action music]
-[Ulrich] Yumi!
-[Yumi] Need a hand around here?
-[grunts]
-[whoosh]
[crash]
[grunting]
[Ulrich] Impact!
[Yumi] Here we go.
[Ulrich] There!
[theme music]
[groans]
[Odd] Here you go. Okay, your turn, Milly.
-No, I'll never make it!
-[Odd] Sure you will. Come on!
-[screaming]
-[rumbling]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[Milly exhales]
Good going, girls.
Okay, let's get out of here!
I don't believe it!
-[crashing]
-[girls groaning]
[mechanical footsteps]
[Ulrich] Watch out!
[gasps]
[beeping]
[Ulrich grunts] Get back!
[explosion]
[grunting]
[laser blasting]
XANA's pulled out all the stops.
We're not going to last long, Jeremy.
[Ulrich] Jeremy, do you read me?
[groans] Jeremy!
A little patience, guys. I'm almost done.
Okay, Aelita can enter the program now.
It's safe.
[beeping]
[mechanical footsteps]
We're all set. Hang on Aelita!
I'm starting up the repair program.
Just in time, too.
It's getting kind of hot around here.
[grunts]
Here we go.
[computer beeping]
No. This can't be!
-[beeping]
-[crashing]
[banging]
Jeremy, I've got to deactivate the tower.
[Jeremy] No, give me a little more time.
I'll start over again.
[Aelita]
Jeremy, you know there's no choice.
You'll be reformatted and disappear,
Aelita! I can't let you do that.
Are you ready for one last run?
No, Aelita! Don't do it!
I'll be in front...
[grunts]
Impact!
[explosion]
-[groaning]
-[Kiwi barking]
[panting]
[groans]
[swoosh]
[grunts]
[boom]
[ethereal music]
-[crash]
-[Milly and Tamiya groaning]
[cracking]
[Jeremy] No! Don't do it, Aelita!
Goodbye, Jeremy.
No!
[Jeremy] Aelita!
[beeping]
[crashing]
[rewind sound]
-[click]
-Return to the past now.
[powering up]
[Yumi and Ulrich groan]
[groans]
Jeremy, it wasn't your fault.
It was. And all that,
for a strand of hair.
[exhales]
Hey, the hair!
Jeremy, didn't you say that the hair
contained Aelita's entire genetic code?
Her computer code, yes, but...
Is it possible to reverse things
and recreate
Aelita's code from the strand of her hair?
[gasps]
-Here we go.
-[beeping]
[computer whirring]
It works! The codes are getting restored.
-[Jeremy] Let's hope that...
-[Aelita] Jeremy?
[groans]
I'm ready for my materialization now.
[Ulrich] Aelita!
-Aelita! It worked!
-[cheering]
[Aelita] Jeremy, did I miss something?
-[Aelita] Why is there water on your face?
-I'll tell you later, Aelita.
This time, we only missed... by a hair!
[laughing]
[wind howling]
[theme music]